README.md, before:

# Weather Forecast

---

I have attempted to builed an application for users to view the weather outlook in multiple cities in the `Great Britain`. In my project, I have tried to achieve this by practicing my use of `Third-party APIs` to access the necessary data and functionality. I have made requests with specific parameters to [OpenWeather](https://openweathermap.org/api) API then using the return to display and update the correct weather information on my website. The way I am building this, I have needed to use [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) to display the date, as the data URL I chose to use made it easier to receive daily information, however it dosn't come with a date. This has proven to be a challenging project for me however, it has also allowed me to expand my knowledge in areas I am weak in. I wasn't comfortable with the create, ammend, append process before and after this project, I do feel alot more confident with it now. The most time consuming area for me was trying to come up with the most efficent way to achieve something. I repeated alot of my code for this very reason, I struggled with comming up with a better solution. I pride myself on not over engineering my code, yet I felt like this project was my weakest in that area.

I was unable to finish a full 5 day forecast due to time, I wanted to be able to display what I was able to do despite my time limit this week.

## Tasks

---

```
You are able to search for a city in a search bar.

The search result presents you with:
- City name
And the current:
- Date
- Icon representation of weather conditions
- Temperature
- Humidity
- Wind speed
- UV index (Color coded to indicate favorable, moderate, or severe conditions.)

You will get a 5-day forecast that will display the following:
- Date
- Icon representation of weather conditions
- Temperature
- Wind speed
- Humidity

Your search is then added to the search history that you are able to click on and search again.


```

## Website

> The website is currently being built and will be available soon. My website will be only accessable through web browser.

---

## Future Tests (Bugs & Fixes)

### Local Storage

I want to come back to this project and add Local Storgae to all of my work, so that it will persist after refreshing.

### Emoji

I didn't get the chance to add emojis in this project unfortunatley. I had actually understood how to achieve it by using the open weather icons, I wasn't able to follow through with this unfortunatley. I will be working on this in the next update.

### UV Index Color Code

I wanted to create a button like background around the UV Index value to color code to the scale. I think it was look alot more appealing and clean.

### Cleaner CSS

You can always improve the visuals of a webpage. I didn't get to use the CSS to the best of my abillity due to a lack of time. This is something I will be coming back to in teh near future.

---

## Links & Resources

- [OpenWeather](https://openweathermap.org/api) One Call API
- [BootStrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- Full-Stack [Blog](https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/apis/how-to-use-api-keys) on how to use API keys
- UV Index [Scale](https://19january2017snapshot.epa.gov/sunsafety/uv-index-scale-1_.html)

Copyright © [2021] [Yasmin A]

Commit message:

background color and finished 5-day forecast

README.md, after:

# Weather Forecast

---

I have attempted to builed an application for users to view the weather outlook in multiple cities in the `Great Britain`. In my project, I have tried to achieve this by practicing my use of `Third-party APIs` to access the necessary data and functionality. I have made requests with specific parameters to [OpenWeather](https://openweathermap.org/api) API then using the return to display and update the correct weather information on my website. The way I am building this, I have needed to use [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) to display the date, as the data URL I chose to use made it easier to receive daily information, however it dosn't come with a date. This has proven to be a challenging project for me however, it has also allowed me to expand my knowledge in areas I am weak in. I wasn't comfortable with the create, ammend, append process before and after this project, I do feel alot more confident with it now. The most time consuming area for me was trying to come up with the most efficent way to achieve something. I repeated alot of my code for this very reason, I struggled with comming up with a better solution. I pride myself on not over engineering my code, yet I felt like this project was my weakest in that area.

I was unable to finish a full 5 day forecast due to time, I wanted to be able to display what I was able to do despite my time limit this week.

## Tasks

---

```
You are able to search for a city in a search bar.

The search result presents you with:
- City name
And the current:
- Date
- Icon representation of weather conditions
- Temperature
- Humidity
- Wind speed
- UV index (Color coded to indicate favorable, moderate, or severe conditions.)

You will get a 5-day forecast that will display the following:
- Date
- Icon representation of weather conditions
- Temperature
- Wind speed
- Humidity

Your search is then added to the search history that you are able to click on and search again.


```

## Website

> The website is currently being built and will be available soon. My website will be only accessable through web browser.

---

## Future Tests (Bugs & Fixes)

### Local Storage

I want to come back to this project and add Local Storgae to all of my work, so that it will persist after refreshing.

### Emoji

I didn't get the chance to add emojis in this project unfortunatley. I had actually understood how to achieve it by using the open weather icons, I wasn't able to follow through with this unfortunatley. I will be working on this in the next update.

### UV Index Color Code

I wanted to create a button like background around the UV Index value to color code to the scale. I think it was look alot more appealing and clean.

### Cleaner & Finished CSS

You can always improve the visuals of a webpage. I didn't get to use the CSS to the best of my abillity due to a lack of time. This is something I will be coming back to in teh near future.

### Cleaner, More Dynamic Code

Since not having as much time, my code functions, however it is extremely repetitive. I was struggling on finding a loop that worked, so to save time I just repeated my code to get it to correctly function. I want to review and change this code to read alot more efficiently and look alot more professional.

---

## Links & Resources

- [OpenWeather](https://openweathermap.org/api) One Call API
- [BootStrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- Full-Stack [Blog](https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/apis/how-to-use-api-keys) on how to use API keys
- UV Index [Scale](https://19january2017snapshot.epa.gov/sunsafety/uv-index-scale-1_.html)

Copyright © [2021] [Yasmin A]
